Update IT requirements to include iPad iOS 13.4 w/ keyboard/mouse (#35975)
code-dot-org/code-dot-org: pegasus/sites.v3/code.org/public/educate/it.md

| **To use Internet Simulator**   | `https://api.pusherapp.com`<br/>`wss://ws.pusherapp.com:443`                                                                                           |
| **To use Web Lab** | `https://downloads.computinginthecore.org`<br/>`https://codeprojects.org`                                                                              |

## Mobile and Tablet Support Details

All CS Discoveries, CS Principles, and Intro to App Lab courses are not compatible with tablets or mobile devices - a full keyboard and mouse (or touchpad, like on MacBooks) are required. Most tablets are not supported, with the following exceptions:
- Microsoft Surface Pro with an external keyboard

> - iPad running iOS 13.4 or later with an external keyboard and a bluetooth mouse or touchpad

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- iPad running iPadOS 13.4 or later with an external keyboard and an external mouse or touchpad
```

Reviewer: It's rare, but technically USB mice/touchpads are supported with iPads.
